README.md, before:

# "Karthus" is An Automated test framework for NevermindTeam in Java with Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver #

NevermindTeam members: 
Andrei , Adrian, Mihaela, Svetlana

## Rules ##
THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS, THE BUILD IS KINDA STABLE, PLEASE DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING ALREADY EXISTING PACKAGES IT MY BREAK IT.

When you need to add features or make changes , extend the needed class, and overwrite  the needed function or add new etc:
when naming the extended classes use it's original name + your last name , if you find mistakes in the framework tell the rest of us before "fixing" them.
push only files you changed, please edit your .gitignore file to ignore all your temporal\personal packages. 

## Installation ##

You need to have [Java 8 JDK](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) installed along with [maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).

## Running tests ##

Default tests will run on Chrome,
in future firefox will be added 

## Version ##

Current version 01.00, made on 04.05.2020

Commit message:

Second commit for framework,page objects added, firefox support, added the final structure , added a sample of test, made on 07.05.2020

README.md, after:

# "Karthus" is An Automated test framework for NevermindTeam in Java with Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver #

NevermindTeam members: 
Andrei , Adrian, Mihaela, Svetlana

## Rules ##
THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS, THE BUILD IS KINDA STABLE, PLEASE DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING ALREADY EXISTING PACKAGES IT MY BREAK IT.

When you need to add features extend the needed class, and overwrite  the needed function or add new etc, if you 
need to make changes in framework itself add the rest of the team for review. When naming the extended classes use 
it's original name + your last name.
Commits - push only files you changed, please edit your .gitignore file to ignore all your temporal\personal packages. 

## Installation ##

You need to have [Java 8 JDK](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) installed along with [maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).

## Running tests ##

Default tests will run on Chrome,
in future firefox will be added 

## Version ##

Updates : PageObject added, template test added . 

Current version 02.00, made on 07.05.2020
